Something Pecan Recipe

Ingredients

CRUST

9 sheets (140 g.) graham crackers
1c. (120 g.) pecans
1/4 c. (50 g.) granulated sugar
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted

FILLING & ASSEMBLY

4 tbsp. (1/2 stick) unsalted butter
1c. (120 g.) pecans, roughly chopped, plus more for serving
4 (8-02z.) blocks cream cheese, softened
1c. (200 g.) granulated sugar
4 large eggs
1/4 c. (60 g.) sour cream
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Whipped cream and caramel, for serving

Directions
Step 1

Preheat oven to 325°. Wrap bottom of a 8" or 9" springform pan in foil.
Step 2

In a food processor, pulse crackers and pecans until fine crumbs form.
Transfer to a medium bowl. Add granulated sugar and salt and stir to
combine. Pour in butter and stir until mixture looks like wet sand and

holds together when pressed with your fingertips. Press cracker mixture

into bottom and up sides of prepared pan in an even layer.

Step 3

Bake crust until lightly golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Let cool.

FILLING & ASSEMBLY

Step 1

In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Add pecans and

cook, stirring often, until pecans are lightly toasted and butter is golden

and smells nutty, 4 to 5 minutes. Let cool.

Step 2

In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat
cream cheese and granulated sugar until smooth. Add eggs, one at a
time, beating well after each addition. Scrape down sides of bowl. Add

sour cream and vanilla and beat until incorporated. Add toasted pecans,

scraping all butter from pan into batter, and beat until just combined.

Step 3

Pour batter into crust; smooth top. Place springform pan in a roasting
pan. Place roasting pan in oven. Carefully pour in enough boiling water

to come about 2" up the sides of springform pan.

Step 4

Bake cheesecake until center only slightly jiggles, 60 to 70 minutes.

Turn off oven, prop door open, and let cheesecake cool in oven 1 hour.

Step 5

Remove foil from outside of pan. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 4

hours or up to overnight.

Step 6

Top with whipped cream, caramel, and more pecans.
